Add --disable-categories and --disable-tools flags to hide MCP tools being listed (#54)
ovn-kubernetes/ovn-kubernetes-mcp: README.md

---

## Selectively exposing tools

By default the server registers every tool listed in [Tools available in MCP Server](#tools-available-in-mcp-server). Two CLI flags let you hide specific categories or individual tools so clients never see them in `tools/list` and any direct `tools/call` against them is rejected:

| Flag | Example | Effect |
|------|---------|--------|
| `--disable-categories` | `--disable-categories=kernel,nettools` | Hides every tool registered by the listed categories. Categories are the bold headings in the tool table below (`ovn`, `ovs`, `kubernetes`, `kernel`, `nettools`, `sosreport`, `must-gather`). Unknown category names cause the server to refuse to start. |

> | `--disable-tools` | `--disable-tools=tcpdump,pwru` | Hides individual tools by their registered name (the value in the `Tool` column below). Unknown names are logged as a warning and ignored, so the same flag can be reused across modes that don't register every tool. |

Author: addressed

> | `--disable-tools` | `--disable-tools=tcpdump,pwru` | Hides individual tools by their registered name (the value in the `Tool` column below). Unknown names are logged as a warning and ignored, so the same flag can be reused across modes that don't register every tool. |

Reviewer: This needs update now.

Author: ack, done

The two flags can be combined; the union of their resolved tool names is hidden. The startup log line `Hiding N tool(s) from clients: ...` lists the final set so you can verify the configuration.

> Filtering happens at the MCP protocol layer (in middleware), so tools are still constructed inside the server but never advertised to or callable by clients. Backwards compatible: omitting both flags exposes all tools as before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filtering happens at the MCP protocol layer (in middleware), so tools are still registered with the server but never advertised to or callable by clients. Backwards compatible: omitting both flags exposes all tools as before.
```

Author: ack, done

**Examples**

Production-leaning: drop packet capture and the wider kernel toolset.

```shell
ovnk-mcp-server --disable-tools=tcpdump,pwru --disable-categories=kernel
```

> Restrict to read-only OVN/OVS introspection and basic Kubernetes lookups.

Reviewer: Read-only might be a little misleading here as it might seem that the categories which are being disabled are not read-only. It would better to just drop the "read-only".

Author: ack, done

```shell
ovnk-mcp-server --disable-categories=kernel,nettools,must-gather,sosreport
```

In a Kubernetes manifest the same options go straight into the container `args`:

```yaml
args:
  - --transport=http
  - --host=0.0.0.0
  - --port=8080
  - --mode=live-cluster
  - --disable-tools=tcpdump,pwru
  - --disable-categories=kernel
```

> ---

Author: I cross-checked every tool name and first-sentence description in pkg/*/mcp/mcp.go against the rendered table in README.md. They match exactly.
